rated M for Mature
psi offers the sovereignty of fresh
start and the strong leadership record
for the return of peace and prosperity
hi I'm Adam Diller art director at blue
Omega Entertainment and today we're
going to talk about steampunk and how we
used it in them
steampunk is a genre where advanced
technology has been created in a time
period where steam is the predominant
power source we chose to use that for
damnation because it opened the door to
exploring time periods that aren't
generally seen in videogames we wanted
to be able to take that technology that
leads to really fast action fun and
exciting gameplay and push it farther
back in time we needed to tailor
steampunk to our world as opposed to
going with the more traditional takes on
steampunk which were usually a very
Victorian influenced look we went with
something much more rugged our steampunk
is not fancy it's not adorned with extra
decoration it's very functional very
hard-edged and less refined we really
went through the list of the kind of
weapons that the player would get the
most satisfaction out of and find unique
ways of powering all of these weapons
ultimately myself and another artist
went down to the train yard and took
literally hundreds of pictures and then
would go through and pick out the images
and scale them down and place them on
the surface of our weapons themselves
and that gave us that really heavy
industrial look that we were going for
in our vehicle designs we really look to
push that element of steampunk we leave
them in a very skeletal nature so that
you can see the inner workings you can
see the structures that hold everything
together
steampunk really allowed us to push the
time period forward to the point where
we could really capture any type of
gameplay that we could imagine that was
a little bit about steampunk and how we
used in a damnation be sure to check it
out on the Xbox 360 Playstation 3 and PC